index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Home
---

# Hey! 👋

I'm a Principal Android Engineer at Mantel Group, passionate about building diverse, inclusive, and high-performing teams. Over 7 years leading complex mobile projects, I've helped scale teams from 2 to 80+ developers.

## Recent Highlights

- Led ANZ Plus Android team through 4+ years of hypergrowth
- Scaled Australia's fastest-growing digital bank to $14B in deposits
- Migrated entire codebase to Jetpack Compose
- Spoke at DevFest Melbourne & Auckland on Zero Tech Debt

{% assign latest_post = site.posts.first %}
{% if latest_post %}
## Latest Post

### [{{ latest_post.title }}]({{ latest_post.url }})

{{ latest_post.excerpt }}

[Read more →]({{ latest_post.url }})
{% else %}
## Latest Post

*No posts yet - check back soon for updates on Android development, team leadership, and conference experiences.*
{% endif %}

## Connect

🐥 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/LukeSleeman) - Android dev, what I'm eating for lunch, and other random things.

🎥 [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyP8OUdghOYrKz2jRok_Dxw) - Videos of my various conference presentations.

🧑‍💻 [Github](https://github.com/lukesleeman) - Unfortunately most of my work these days is private. But feel free to dig through the ruins of projects long past.

🔗 [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luke-sleeman-b2b51060) - Don't really use it.

💼 [Mantel Group](https://www.mantelgroup.com.au/) - Where I work.

Commit message:

Fix up issue with copy on main page

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Home
---

## Hey There! 👋

I'm a Principal Android Engineer at Mantel Group, passionate about building diverse, inclusive, and high-performing teams. Over 7 years leading complex mobile projects, I've helped scale teams from 2 to 80+ developers.

## Recent Highlights

- Spent 4+ years with the ANZ Plus Android team, one of the largest mobile teams in the Southern Hemisphere
- Helped build Australia's fastest-growing digital bank (now at $14B in deposits!)

- Guided the team through both a complete UI overhaul with Jetpack Compose and kicked off a multi-year modularisation effort

- Spoke at DevFest Melbourne & Auckland on Zero Tech Debt

{% assign latest_post = site.posts.first %}
{% if latest_post %}
## Latest Post

### [{{ latest_post.title }}]({{ latest_post.url }})

{{ latest_post.excerpt }}

[Read more →]({{ latest_post.url }})
{% else %}
## Latest Post

*No posts yet - check back soon for updates on Android development, team leadership, and conference experiences.*
{% endif %}

## Connect

🐥 [Mastodon](https://aus.social/@lukesleeman) - Android dev, what I'm eating for lunch, and other random things.

🎥 [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyP8OUdghOYrKz2jRok_Dxw) - Videos of my various conference presentations.

🧑‍💻 [Github](https://github.com/lukesleeman) - Unfortunately most of my work these days is private. But feel free to dig through the ruins of projects long past.

🔗 [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luke-sleeman-b2b51060) - Work updates

💼 [Mantel Group](https://www.mantelgroup.com.au/) - Where I work.
