---
layout: post
title: "I&#39;m challenging myself to build 10 things in 10 days using agentic AI!I&#39;ve been ... ambivale"
date: 2025-08-29 13:13:39 +1000
categories: ["mastodon","microblog"]
mastodon_url: "https://aus.social/@lukesleeman/115112228909041326"
excerpt: "<p>I&#39;m challenging myself to build 10 things in 10 days using agentic AI!</p><p>I&#39;ve been ... ambivalent... about Ai tools for quite a while. ..."
---

<p>I&#39;m challenging myself to build 10 things in 10 days using agentic AI!</p><p>I&#39;ve been ... ambivalent... about Ai tools for quite a while.  This morning I was talking to <span class="h-card" translate="no"><a href="https://mastodon.social/@mitch_nz" class="u-url mention">@<span>mitch_nz</span></a></span> who suggested I should try out different tools and build 10 things in 10 days.</p><p>For day 1 I decided to resurrect my website at <a href="http://www.lukesleeman.com" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener" translate="no"><span class="invisible">http://www.</span><span class="">lukesleeman.com</span><span class="invisible"></span></a> </p><p># Tools I used<br />Visual studio code, with the Clien plugin using the claude 4.0 sonnet model.</p><p>The website is hosted using GitHub pages.</p><p># What went well</p><p>- The websites back up and running!<br />- The tool was able to do a surprisingly broad range of things.  It helped me diagnose DNS issues, and searched for nice looking blog themes.<br />- I was able to get a surprisingly large amount of things done, even though I was &quot;coding&quot; with stacks I knew very little about.<br />- Right at the end I decided to try and build a mastodon to blog bridge, that reposts my toots to the website - I was able to build it from scratch in just over an hour!</p><p># What went badly</p><p>- The tool can do a wide range of things, many of which involve executing commands.  It surprised me by running a git commit and push to main, sending its work straight out into production.  YOLO I guess 🤷‍♂️<br />- It costs 💰💰💰!  By the end of the day I had burnt through $30 of tokens<br />- It hallucinates and makes things up, and makes mistakes.  This isn&#39;t as bad as would you expect - you just need to keep an eye on what it&#39;s doing and poke it in the right direction.<br />- At various times it crashed, errored out, etc</p><p># What I learnt</p><p>- The tools are surprisingly powerful and not to be underestimated.  You can do useful work quickly.<br />- To get production level code you need an engineer who can write production level code overseeing and guiding it.<br />- You don&#39;t need production level code for everything.  I&#39;m kind of fine with the mastodon to blog bridge thing being a file of hacky JavaScript.</p>

*Originally posted on [Mastodon](https://aus.social/@lukesleeman/115112228909041326)*
